## Week 1 Process 
We had our first meeting and decided our roles in the project. The roles were separated by components of the group. Daniela’s role is to complete the UI and the Departures component, Faustina’s role is to complete the Traffic information component and set up Trello for work organisation, Alejandra’s role is to complete the Weather component and the extra component (jokes, fun facts etc), and Megumi’s role is to set up the React/Express JS repository, Address Input component and the README files. We agreed to meet in one week to showcase our work. Within this first week, the repository was set up, UI design completed, Trello board set up and we each started on our compartments. 

## Week 2 Process 
We had a meeting and discussed our progress. Each of us started in the component with individual issues. Daniela completed her Departures component using Trafikveket API but the API was missing the bus departure information. Later with the teacher’s example, it was discussed whether a different API was to be used, and she would need to recode. Faustina had started her component and discussed with Daniela to meet up to talk/understand the Trafikveket API. Megumi started the Address API but had reservations adding her billing address in the Google cloud for accessing the Geocode API. Megumi aimed to complete the first draft of the Address component by Friday/Weekend of week 2 so others can get the geocode information to use in their compartments. Alejandra has also started on her Weather component. The group has agreed to use CSS Tailwind and style their own compartments based on the UI design. Next meeting is to be in a week and the group decided to aim to complete the project on 31st October. 